Hello.
Hello, How are you doing?
Hi John.
that's about how are you sure
not so bad i just thought we if we have a sort of random conversation
rather than a
scripted one because that has more gaps and MS and OS than than than a scripted one
yeah yeah yeah i was yeah
so just
go ahead
i was
just if you could chat about anything really
yeah yeah
cool
i mean just on the topic of of putting a script together i i was i put together a table
let me share it with you in the chat
i've got it in my notion document but allow me to to screenshot it
so i was thinking something like what's on your screen at the moment one key to back would be good
like i created the matrix where it's three essentially three different topics of conversation and it's repeated between three different caller groups so different voices
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
and then it's repeated to have the same same conversation but the tone of it is negative and the topic of it is a little bit switched around
so for example there could be a development discussion between two developers
the first one could be like them agreeing on the best way forward and agreeing on due date for task
and then the flipped version of that is a disagreement between two developers couldn't come to an agreement and just see how it handles the two variations
so maybe when keith is back we can kind of put together some recordings for that that matrix of how many calls there one two three one two three six three by six or eighteen eighteen voice recordings there
it's quite a lot
but that only makes sense once you've kind of automated your your pipeline flow a little bit to the so you don't have to keep their manual steps
well at the moment well steve still he's not time to work out how to to get the conversation ID so we can attach it to the recording
yeah i mentioned that
yeah yeah
and i've also just had a play around with the fusion P B X A P I
again it's definitely not giving me a list of recordings which is really annoying
oh but it but it it should it's not giving something
so i don't know how we it should
it should
yeah OK
no it's just i'm getting a two hundred back from the call but no no data
but then it it quite often gives a two hundred back from the call anyway even if it's an invalid call which is a bit annoying
yeah yeah
so it's definitely something
that
we might need to talk to them about to see if there's an issue
OK
one thing that that simon did did mention he wants us doing is is talking to fusion directly and building the conversa relationship with them
yeah yeah i might try give them a bail later or or you can just email them
so that's probably something i'm gonna be more more more pushed by simon
there was an API which paul mentioned notes API don't know if we came across that previously when you were looking at fusion
no yeah i mean if it's only for a couple of particular queries and depending on how the data is getting stored they're using a postgres database
so look look pretty good
i only looked at it very superficially but apparently paul paul 's watched a few videos on him and it's basically it's around talking to fusion and they streamline a lot of lot of things in that space
so paul kind of asked the question is can this help us in any way
and i said and i promise that we'll look into it
it might might even be that you know you might find that there's no reason to use their API to build a platform but it might be an interim step where ops can use and points through postman very quickly using the API to make changes
that's something that he was keen about
so setting up good
so i mean i could always write an API myself
yeah
that that
that goes into the post
you know if it's if it's if it's just a couple of extra things which which the standard one doesn't give us
well i think the feeling was like without looking into in detail can't answer it
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
but the kind of the question that paul asked is obviously there's so much that ops want to do to replicate the current setup and that's going to take your time to build and for us to put it in the portal
but if they are able to use this through postman to very quickly make changes to to to fusion you know set up in groups or make changes to extension then is there a possibility of doing that while we write our own apis and then connect it up to the portal
so there's worth exploring at some point next week
i'll have a look
did you did you chat me the the name of it or was it in it
so
was it in an email
so it's in that it's in the fusion document that i pushed out in the dev chat earlier in the week which yeah yeah
yes
yeah i i i remember seeing it somewhere
so
so there's some detail in that and i'll mention it to keith tomorrow as well
it's in the future
i'll have i'll have a look at that then
so i hope might bring you out
yeah yeah
i'm quite annoyed that the the
recording list one 's not working because if i have the name of the of the file i can the the i can download it using the API it's just not
letting me
get a list of them
is there anything that needs to be configured that that we've missed maybe
so it's a sort of
i don't i don't think so
yeah yep
so yeah it would be good to
i'll have i'll have a look at the the
extra API but it
would it's
it's quite annoying that the API is not working so i will try reaching out to fusion and see seeing if they can tell me where i'm going wrong because i'm basically copying the the exact call that's in the example and it's not working which is annoying
yeah sure
yeah yeah skip there is
but yeah that aside it's it's pretty good
i don't know if you keep sharing it with you but there was a PBX forum specifically around fusion where people were posting questions
yeah i've yeah i've had to look on that
there's there's no there's nothing about it
yeah of course you could
i was yeah i was considering asking the question
you could ask the question as well
so i was i was doing that
yeah yeah yeah
i need i need to register
so i might do that
cool
i'm wondering if there's a stack overflow thing about it
i might have a look on them as well
but but yeah that that's that's the only annoyance that i've really come
across
so far with with the fusion PBX stuff which is is quite minor
yeah yeah yeah
but i i like i like the the
grid of colds you've got that's that's a good idea i
the what
sorry the cor the corners
like your
yeah yeah yeah
your coat we can just get get chat GPT generate some scripts or i'll just wing it
i was thinking you know often it's hot
it's hot
yeah
it's hard to have a natural conversation when you're reading from a script
but maybe maybe like if we put together like a general script about what the topic of the conversation is and then you just you talk about that in your own context
yeah yeah yeah yeah
so like you you have you know if for example there's one about a sales person one person just has to be be a customer doesn't they don't need a script because it needs to be an agreeable customer or a disagreeable customer
the other person kind of needs to know what he's selling
but yeah you could wing it to a certain extent and that'd be good to to compare different yeah summaries against it and see how they come out in comparison to each other
that's OK
might also also be a good way to demo back to simon i guess in a controlled way
yeah yeah
i mean ideally we'd i mean i i can demo it sort of as is but it's not it's not you know end to end
yeah
which is annoying but we can't really go into until steve figures out his bit which he's not the chance to do because he's been doing bicom stuff for half the week
yeah yeah yeah
you did mentioned some difficulties with with the caller ID because in like when it's a yaling over fusion it doesn't create the caller ID or something
yeah there's there's all sorts of difficulties depending on what's calling for and where you know where it's coming from
yeah the scenario yes
yeah yeah right
so it depends on how he can sort of link link the systems together to to get something
he was thinking they've got an events table which is where they're they're doing stuff at the moment
so we're thinking maybe you could put stuff in there but at the end of the day what i need is a record with the conversation ID the service ID or user ID and and the recording file name
yeah yeah
yep
because with the recording file name i can i can call call the fusion PBX to
pick it
up
so you know that that that would be pretty good
yes yes yeah
and the i
think my
my current thinking on it is he he generates that puts it in a service bus queue i pick it up of the create a database record of that fetch the file kick it off
after it's done the transcriptions it then needs to come back pick up the data to find out who was on the call and then the police speaker one speaker two with the actual names and then it does does the summary and would probably update
the table to say
you know have the stages in there as well and links back to the files which could then be available via the portal or or the app
so what the apps will want to do is we were thinking they know the conversation ID for a particular call that went out
and when a user clicks on the summary button it goes and makes a call with that conversation ID to check if there is any information available whether it's recording AI summary or transcriptions
yeah yeah
so they're really an API that goes and gets that based on the conversation ID basically
well yeah even
even easier than that because they have the history list that knows the conversation ID when the recording the transcriptions and the summary become available we can just pip that across to them using signal R and so so you know they'll just get a little recordings ready to to to like on next to it or or
flag
yeah yeah
next next to the the thing in the history so not not not not was not was my thinking on it
interesting
and i mean we could we could be doing the same with with the portal
yeah yeah i think yeah integrate
i should start thinking about integrating signal
just a simple thing that i need to start first
yeah
i mean i mean i mean the the the simple things we could do with signalr on the portal are the telephony platform updates
you know when you when you say you know send it off when i get this response back i can just tell you it's done
yeah yeah yeah yeah
and so you don't you don't have to do the the refresh
i mean that that would probably be the first place
good proof of
so yeah sign up process yeah yeah
but yeah also with you know CDRS and sign up for yeah all that sort of stuff
yeah this has been a fifteen minute call which is the longest one i've had
cool
so why don't why don't we try that and see how it goes
yeah yeah yeah
good luck
OK cheers
let me know how it comes up
yeah i'll send
i'll send you
i'll send you the results
yeah
all right
OK cheers
cheers mate
bye
OK bye